Add tshooting page to data retention (#1210)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/data-retention/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting data retention
This section contains some ideas for troubleshooting common problems experienced
with data retention.

<!---
* Keep this section in alphabetical order
* Use this format for writing troubleshooting sections:
 - Cause: What causes the problem?
 - Consequence: What does the user see when they hit this problem?
 - Fix/Workaround: What can the user do to fix or work around the problem? Provide a "Resolving" Procedure if required.
 - Result: When the user applies the fix, what is the result when the same action is applied?
* Copy this comment at the top of every troubleshooting page
-->

## Dropping chunks times out
When you drop a chunk, it requires an exclusive lock. If a chunk is being

> written to, you cannot drop the chunk at the same time. If a drop chunk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a chunk is being accessed by another session, you cannot drop the chunk at the same time. If a drop chunk
```
